Interstellar: 2014 | PG-13 | 2h 49m | 8.6 rating
Set in a future where Earth is becoming uninhabitable due to crop failures and environmental collapse, former NASA pilot Cooper joins a team of astronauts on a mission through a wormhole in search of a new home for humanity. Stars Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain and Michael Caine

Ratatouille: 2007 | G | 1h 51m | 8.1 rating
A talented rat named Remy dreams of becoming a chef in Paris. He forms an unlikely partnership with a young kitchen worker, Linguini, to create extraordinary dishes at a famous restaurant. Stars Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano, Brad Garrett and Ian Holm.

Oppenheimer: 2023 | R | 3h | 8.6 rating
'Oppenheimer' is an epic biographical drama film about the story of American scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer and his role in the development of the atomic bomb. In World War II, Lt. Gen. Leslie Groves Jr. appoints physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer to lead the top-secret Manhattan Project. Oppenheimer and his team of scientists spend years into developing and designing the atomic bomb. Their efforts culminated on July 16, 1945, when they witness the first nuclear explosion ever, which forever altered the course of history. Christopher Nolan directed Oppenheimer, and stars Cillian Murphy, Emily Blunt, Robert Downey Jr. and Matt Damon.

Avengers Infinity War: 2018 | PG-13 | 2h 29m | 8.4 rating
The Avengers and their allies unite to stop Thanos from collecting all six Infinity Stones and carrying out his devastating plan to eliminate half of all life in the universe. Stars Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Benedict Cumberbatch and Josh Brolin

A Series of Unfortunate Events: 2004 | PG-13 | 1h 48m | 6.8 rating
After their parents die in a fire, the Baudelaire children are placed in the care of the scheming Count Olaf, who will stop at nothing to steal their inheritance. Stars Jim Carrey, Jude Law, Meryl Streep, Emily Browning and Liam Aiken.

Soul: 2020 | PG | 1h 40m | 8.0 rating
Joe Gardner, a middle-school music teacher and aspiring jazz musician, finds his soul separated from his body after an accident and embarks on a journey to discover life's true purpose. Stars Jamie Foxx, Tina Fey, Graham Norton, Angela Bassett and Phylicia Rashad.

The Sheep Detective: 2026 | PG | 1h 49m | 7.4 rating
When their shepherd is found murdered, a flock of sheep uses everything they learned from mystery novels to investigate the crime and uncover the culprit. Stars Hugh Jackman, Brett Goldstein, Patrick Stewart, Regina Hall, Bella Ramsey and Bryan Cranston

The Lego Movie: 2014 | PG | 1h 40m | 7.7 rating
Emmet, an ordinary LEGO construction worker, is mistaken for a legendary hero and joins a mission to stop the evil Lord Business from freezing the LEGO universe forever. Stars Chris Pratt, Will Ferrell, Elizabeth Banks, Will Arnett and Morgan Freeman.

The Batman: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 56m | 7.8 rating
Batman investigates a series of murders committed by the Riddler while uncovering deep corruption in Gotham City and secrets connected to his own family. Stars Robert Pattinson, Zoë Kravitz, Jeffrey Wright, Colin Farrell, Paul Dano and Andy Serkis.

Dune: 2021 | PG-13 | 2h 35m | 8.0 rating
Paul Atreides, heir to a noble family, travels to the desert planet Arrakis, the only source of the universe's most valuable resource, "spice." Betrayal and war force him to confront his destiny and fight for his family's survival. Timothée Chalamet, Rebecca Ferguson, Zendaya, Oscar Isaac, Jason Momoa, Javier Bardem and Josh Brolin

Logan: 2017 | R | 2h 17m | 8.1 rating
n a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an aging and weary Wolverine (Logan) must protect a young mutant girl named Laura while caring for an ailing Professor Charles Xavier. Their journey becomes a desperate fight for survival. Stars Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Dafne Keen, Boyd Holbrook, Richard E. Grant and Stephen Merchant.

Spider-Man Across the Spider-Verse: 2023 | PG-13 | 2 hr 20min | 8.5 rating
Miles Morales catapults across the Multiverse, where he encounters a team of Spider-People charged with protecting its very existence. When the heroes clash on how to handle a new threat, Miles must redefine what it means to be a hero. Animation, Action, Adventure film released in 2023. Directed by Joaquim Dos Santos, Kemp Powers an Justin K. Thompson. Written by Phil Lord, Christopher Miller and Dave Callaham. Starring: Shameik Moore, Hailee Steinfeld and Brian Tyree Henry

The Prestige: 2006 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 8.5 rating
'The Prestige' tells a story of 19th-century magicians engaging in a bitter rivalry of trade secrets. The film stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Scarlet Johansson and Rebecca Hall. The film was directed by Christopher Nolan.

Inception: 2010 | PG-13 | 2h 28m | 8.8 rating
'Inception' tells the story of a thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster. Directed by Christopher Nolan and stars actors Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page.

Top Gun Maverick: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 8.3 rating
The action drama 'Top Gun: Maverick' is about Pete "Maverick" Mitchell, a top naval aviator who served in the Navy for over three decades and is now a test pilot. He is determined to keep pushing the limits of flying and avoid promotions that would take him away from the cockpit. Maverick is currently training a group of graduates for a unique mission but must also confront his past and fears. Ultimately, the mission will require those who choose to fly it to make the ultimate sacrifice. Joseph Kosinski directed Top Gun: Maverick, which stars Tom Cruise, Jennifer Connelly, and Miles Teller.

Inglourious Basterds: 2009 | R | 2h 33m | 8.4 rating
During World War II in Nazi-occupied France, a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as the "Basterds" plot to assassinate Nazi leaders, while a young Jewish cinema owner pursues her own revenge against the regime. Starring Brad Pitt, Christoph Waltz, Mélanie Laurent, Diane Kruger, Michael Fassbender, Eli Roth.

Joker: 2019 | R | 2h 2m | 8.3 rating
Arthur Fleck, a struggling clown and aspiring comedian, is rejected by society and gradually descends into madness, transforming into the infamous criminal known as the Joker. Starring Joaquin Phoenix, Robert De Niro, Zazie Beetz, Frances Conroy, Shea Whigham.

The Dark Knight: 2008 | PG-13 | 2h 32m | 9.1 rating
When a menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman, James Gordon and Harvey Dent must work together to put an end to the madness.

Wake Up Dead Man: 2025 | PG-13 | 2h 19m | 7.3 rating
Detective Benoit Blanc teams up with an earnest young priest to investigate a perfectly impossible crime at a small-town church with a dark history.

Jurassic Park: 1993 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 8.2 rating
An industrialist invites some experts to visit his theme park of cloned dinosaurs. After a power failure, the creatures run loose, putting everyone's lives, including his grandchildren's, in danger.

Troy: 2004 | R | 2h 43m | 7.3 rating
An adaptation of Homer's great epic, the film follows the assault on Troy by the united Greek forces.

Michael: 2026 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 7.4 rating
The early life of musician Michael Jackson, from the discovery of his talent as the lead of the Jackson Five to the artist whose creative ambition fueled a pursuit to become the biggest entertainer in the world.